Add devtools profiler documentation (#890)
AvaloniaUI/avalonia-docs: accelerate/tools/dev-tools/tools/profiler.md

# Application Profiler Tool

While [metrics](./metrics.md) primarily contain a single dimension of information, suitable for displaying as a chart, profilers capture richer data per each recording. After a recording is completed, `Developer Tools` aggregates the results and displays them as a table.

## Recording a Profile

> Click the **Record** button to start a profiling session. The application continues running normally while data is collected in the background. Click **Record** again to stop — results are then aggregated and displayed across separate tabs, one for each profiler type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Record** button to start a profiling session.
2. The application continues running normally while data is collected in the background.
3. Click **Record** again to stop.
4. Results are aggregated and displayed across separate tabs, one for each profiler type.
```
